docs: PE-5671: `systemd-timesyncd` local host prerequisite for Local UI agent mode servers with NTP configs (#4879)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/deployment-modes/agent-mode/install-agent-host.md

- Clusters with Flannel CNI is not verified for airgap deployments.

> - If you configure a local agent mode cluster to use Network Time Protocol servers,
>   [`systemd-timesyncd`](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd-timesyncd.service.html) must be
>   installed and enabled on your host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Agent mode is only supported on Linux distributions that have [systemd](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd.html) installed and available.
```

Slight clarification on why this is a limitation.
